3.2.2.0 Changelog (#5291)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

<!-- vale off -->

> ## 3.2.2.0

Reviewer: Do we also want to mention something about the yum install that Tyler mentioned? I was thinking maybe adding the workaround and reason for why it errors?

> [KAG-892](https://konghq.atlassian.net/browse/KAG-892) is still an issue so customers who try to yum install this will get a Public key for kong-enterprise-edition-3.2.1.0.rhel7.amd64.rpm is not installed error. They can get around this error by manually downloading the package from [downloads.konghq.com](http://downloads.konghq.com/) and installing it. The package is signed, it is just signed with a different (rotated) key from the metadata service, and yum doesn't like that.

Author: yes, is missing from the changelog but agree it's a known issue w/ workaround.

**Release Date** 2023-03-15

### Fixes 
#### Enterprise
* In Kong 3.2.1.0 and 3.2.1.1, `alpine` and `ubuntu` ARM64 artifacts incorrecty handled HTTP2 requests, causing the protocol to fail. These artifacts have been removed. 
* In all 3.x versions of Kong Gateway prior to this release, the default logrotate file `/etc/logrotate.d/kong-enterprise-edition` was missing. 

#### Plugins
* SAML: 
    * Fix the SAML plugin to work on read-only file system.

>     * Fix the SAML plugin to handle the field session_auth_ttl (removed since 3.2.0.0).

Author: I read as we accidentally removed and now are adding back.

<!-- vale off -->

## 3.2.2.0

> **Release Date** 2023-03-15

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Release Date** 2023/03/15
```
for consistency with previous entries.

### Fixes 
#### Enterprise
* In Kong 3.2.1.0 and 3.2.1.1, `alpine` and `ubuntu` ARM64 artifacts incorrecty handled HTTP2 requests, causing the protocol to fail. These artifacts have been removed. 

> * In all 3.x versions of Kong Gateway prior to this release, the default logrotate file `/etc/logrotate.d/kong-enterprise-edition` was missing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the default logrotate file `/etc/logrotate.d/kong-enterprise-edition`. This file was missing in all 3.x versions of Kong Gateway prior to this release.
```

#### Plugins

> * SAML: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [**SAML**](/hub/kong-inc/saml/) (`saml`)
```

    * The SAML plugin now works on read-only file systems.
    * The SAML plugin can now handle the field `session_auth_ttl` (removed since 3.2.0.0).

* Datadog Tracing plugin: We found some late-breaking issues with the Datadog Tracing plugin and elected to remove it from the 3.2 release. We plan to add the plugin back with the issues fixed in a later release. 

### Known issues

> * Due to changes in GPG keys, customers who use yum to install this release will get a `Public key for kong-enterprise-edition-3.2.1.0.rhel7.amd64.rpm is not installed` error. The package is signed, it is just signed with a different (rotated) key from the metadata service, which triggers the error in yum. In order to avoid this error, manually download the package from [download.konghq.com](https://download.konghq.com/) and then install it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Due to changes in GPG keys, using yum to install this release triggers a `Public key for kong-enterprise-edition-3.2.1.0.rhel7.amd64.rpm is not installed` error. The package *is* signed, however, it's signed with a different (rotated) key from the metadata service, which triggers the error in yum. To avoid this error, manually download the package from [download.konghq.com](https://download.konghq.com/) and install it. 
```
We don't generally say "customers" in the changelog. "Users" at most, though we don't even need to say that here either.

Also avoid using "in order to", please just say "to".
